Impromptu Zoom Meeting - May 04
VIEW RECORDING - 24 mins (No highlights): 

---

0:09 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Can you hear me okay?

0:10 - Learner Park Media
  Yes, I can hear you.

0:12 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  How are you? Awesome.

0:14 - Learner Park Media
  Good. How are you doing? I'm doing well.

0:17 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  It's been a long time since we spoke. It has, yes.

0:21 - Learner Park Media
  And I appreciate you getting me that last invoice.

0:25 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Oh, no. I appreciate you following up with me and getting things cleared because it was a little bit ambiguous.  So, yeah, that was the confusion that I was having as well. So then that's perfect. It aligned perfectly. Great.

0:37 - Learner Park Media
  Let me just pick this here. It doesn't work. It's a little delayed. There we go.

0:47 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Okay, awesome.

0:48 - Learner Park Media
  Hey, we've got a client that we've got to drive traffic to this webinar. And obviously, the big question is whether the webinar is going to convert.  It's a little different type situation, and obviously there's some things that we will have a question about. The idea is that he has a – I think he maybe had a chance to take a look at what he's selling.  Yep, I saw that.

1:13 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  And so I think our biggest challenge is, you know, what's going to excite a dentist on a campaign to take a look at it and at least go to the landing page and then sign up for the webinar?

1:24 - Learner Park Media
  And the webinar is one-hour training on things that the dentist wouldn't have normally been trained on, and they also – get – they have to – every dentist has to do continuing education, they call it, meaning every year they've got to get so many hours of extra education.  And this webinar itself qualifies for one extra hour of education. And then the webinar, the course is – if they sign up for his course, that's 34 hours.  So it's a real – I mean, all the things – I mean I I think we've made it a drop-dead offer.  The question is whether they will wait, whether they'll watch the one-hour webinar and what we need to do to get a dentist to see it and obviously be able to get enough interest in sales to make it worth it for what it's going to cost us.

2:23 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  So the ideal situation, yeah, we've done webinars in the past and info products in the past as well. The obvious first motivation is money.  So if we are going to position it as a way for them to increase their top line at their practice or a way for them to make money out of this entire thing, yes, that is for sure the first type of audience that we would want to target.  So if we can come up with what are their potential earnings, if they add this to their practice and stuff like that, we need to add that kind of social proof to the webinar landing page as well.  And then that helps. The other thing that we could do is, I mean, actually, that is the only thing that I would start off with and then go from there based on what feedback we're getting from these dentists.  Because running ads to the dentist is not a problem. We will run ads only to dentists, people who study dentistry, stuff like that.  We can even go as far as scrape a list of dentists. I already have one for that matter, so I can just give that to you guys.  We can run ads to that list as well and then go from there.

3:29 - Learner Park Media
  Okay, I know that he doesn't have a whole lot of social proof or details in any way to prove, hey, you're going to be able to do this much more business or I increased my practice this much more.

3:48 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Is there something that he thinks that is possible that we cannot make a direct claim saying that you will do this or it can say you potentially could do this or we'll have to reword it that way?  Okay. Thank And also position the CE credits on the webinar as well, like on the landing page as well, that if you attend it, you get one hour of CE credits.

4:09 - Learner Park Media
  And that's on there. It's not maybe as big as it is, but I don't know yet how much motivation that is for a dentist.  Hey, I'm going to get one CE credit for watching it. Yeah, that's not going to be the motivation.

4:20 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  The motivation has to be the potential of this service that they could add to their practice.

4:26 - Learner Park Media
  And so all the bullet points talks about, hey, it is a service. It is something that, in fact, that point that I made and the point that this dentist makes is that, and he has a lot of people referred to his institute or practice there in Canada when people need this kind of thing, because he's pretty well, he's pretty knowledgeable about it.  And he speaks, he's invited to speak at a lot of conferences about it. So I, and the point is this, that it used to be where you'd go.  Go to the dentist because you had a cavity and that was the biggest, the decay was the biggest reason you would lose your teeth or lose, have problems with your teeth.  And evidently now, wear from people being stressed and this grinding, they call it, between their two teeth kind of wears them down and it causes headaches, it causes a lot of problems that most people don't know where that is coming from.  And I think a dentist would probably identify with those kinds of issues where patients have pain and they're not really trained on how to find it or how to solve it.  Some of them are, but he says, according to this dentist, a lot of them aren't trained for this. And so that perhaps is the other motivation is, hey, I want to elevate my practice to where I can actually solve the problem for them.  And of course, I'm going to make some more money along the But yeah, I don't know. I just don't know how much the dentist is going to go.  I mean, obviously, they want to make more money. And that's why we added those bonuses, which is, hey, you're sitting on a list of patients now.  In other words, I don't know if you had a chance to look at the sales page.

6:20 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  No, I did not look at the page.

6:22 - Learner Park Media
  The stack page. On the stack page, where the offer is, and part of the offer is, you're going to get the course, obviously, but we're also going to give you a series of emails that you can send to your patients to talk about the problem and help market the issue for you.  And then we're also going to give you some money off on an AI automation that will actually send out the emails and do all this.  So all of this combined is a whole system that they can use to promote this new skill that they have or this new ability.  that they have to solve this problem for patients.

7:03 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Yeah, so that would make sense at the end of the webinar, but not for someone to sign up to the webinar.  That's right.

7:10 - Learner Park Media
  They wouldn't know that until the, because they, but we do offer them, one of the bonuses on the webinar is a series of 12 emails.  So we're actually going to give them two series. One is an extra series at the end, and then the free series.

7:25 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Our first job is just to get them to watch the webinar. Yeah. So I don't think the email templates and all of that would, I mean, I'm not a dentist, so I don't know what motivates me in that front.  But looking at it with a marketing perspective, I don't think a dentist would be interested to hop on something just so that he gets a marketing suite or an email sequence for himself.  It's more so how he's going to elevate the practice. So if we can position it, because this doctor that you have as a client, he definitely has increased his practice is what I believe or...  Is the assumption that what he wants to train these other guys on. So he can say that, oh, on the landing page itself, we can say I was getting calls from 10 people complaining about headaches, but they didn't know how to solve it.  And they were referred to me, since I'm a dentist, and this is what I found, or this is what I learned on how to solve this problem.  And I'm going to show you exactly on this call, how you can fix this problem for a lot of people.  And people might not be even aware of this particular problem. And I'll also teach you how to make them problem aware.  Because if somebody has a headache or a migraine, they don't think of a dentist the first thing. So even when he's going to market something, it needs to be a bit more educational.  So the way I would approach this to dentists is him having at least three educational videos that speaks to dentists, in the sense that where he was doing something and where his practice reached, and then how this particular skill can benefit a dentist and what kind of patients they can see in addition to what they're already doing.  been. And the third is that it can be a foot in the door for this particular service, and then it goes on to cross-sell, upsell them into maybe veneers or whatever is needed later.  So these three, without any CTA, is just going to be shown to dentists. And once they consume that, 50% of video viewers, so I'm pretty sure you're aware of that, like people who have seen more than 50% of those videos, they get a direct call to action saying that, hey, I'm running this webinar this week, and I would like you to join this webinar.  And then since they've already seen a series of three videos, they then, in their head, at least recognize that face, and then they at least go to the landing page and see what the webinar is about.  And then it is all about conversion rate optimization on the landing page as to where are they dropping off, why are they not signing up, but that's a later problem to solve.

9:53 - Learner Park Media
  Well, so, okay, so let me. You just think through how I, because of what I know from this particular dentist and where he's at.  So I know that when you talked about the additional videos and that kind of thing, I'm thinking that we, I'm wondering if, I'm hoping, let's put it this way.  Right. I'm hoping with what we have so far, we might be able to create some sort of campaign that will work rather than require him to do more than what, any more on top of what he's done at this point until we prove that it doesn't work.

10:47 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Do you have anything that he has that you can share with me in terms of resources that we could use on the ads and stuff?

10:53 - Learner Park Media
  Well, so yeah, let me just show you this and see if there's anything we can, what we can do from it.  So let me just go to, I'll just. Share my screen here real quick, and then you can tell me what you, I know that, yeah, I know that we can take, you know, AI can take and make clips out of a video or whatever now, and use that as content that can be fed out there on just organic posting.
  SCREEN SHARING: Learner started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/660790821?timestamp=706.739363  But let me share my screen. Oops, wrong one. Okay, let me know if you see, is my mouse moving around?
  SCREEN SHARING: Learner started screen sharing - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/660790821?timestamp=706.739363

11:51 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Yep.

11:54 - Learner Park Media
  Okay, so here's what we have, the, we have, I have a complete, we have his webinar itself that we could take and do pieces of.  And so if we, if I just go to the easiest place to maybe show you that, and I made this so that we could actually move past this.  I don't, I won't have the play bar on it when it's doing it. And Doc responds to an offer.  It also. So effort and pain. This is the most. So I have his one hour webinar. The training is designed for the entire dental team.  And so he goes through and he does demonstrations of what, as far as what he's teaching. And so I'm wondering if some of the information from this could be used to maybe a statement or a thing.  Maybe I could have him pick out. And the parts that maybe a 30-second spot that he would think would be impactful to use for ads.

13:12 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Okay. Any particular reason you think he might not record more videos?

13:17 - Learner Park Media
  Well, and what would we want on that? Tell me what the focus of that video would be.

13:23 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  So it needs to be shareable content related to something about this. So it needs to be relatable to dental practice owners, obviously.  So it needs to be either about growing their practice, in other words, adding a new service to their practice, increasing top-line revenue, that kind of stuff.  And then whoever sees most of the video, then we retarget them with this particular ad.

13:46 - Learner Park Media
  Okay. I can talk to him about it. So in other words... So I don't want you to go to him and tell him we need three videos and then leave him in the dark.

13:57 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  I would want you to ask him if he's open to doing that and then... If yes, we can come up with scripts, and we can share it with him so that it's as easy as just taking out his phone and recording it or placing his phone on a tripod and recording it.

14:11 - Learner Park Media
  Okay. And you're thinking what would be the content of that video? Yeah, exactly.

14:24 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  So if you get a word from him that okay, he's ready to record more videos, then I will come up with the content and share that with you.  The premise is that no one knows him. I mean, I don't know how famous is he. So I'm assuming that no one knows him as such that he doesn't have a brand with the dentist right now.  So this exercise of these three videos basically builds no like trust. So people start seeing him, then they start liking him.  And then eventually they start trusting him. So people who see the first video will see the second video. And people who've seen the second video will see the third video.  So they already go through that whole funnel. And then whoever sees more than 50% of each video directly get an ad saying that I'm running a webinar for increasing your dental practice revenue by adding in a new service or whatever.  However, we want to frame that, we'll come up with that. And then they go to the landing page for the webinar.  Yeah.

15:19 - Learner Park Media
  So what I'm trying to think of is I'm just trying to imagine, yeah, I don't think he would have a problem with maybe doing that, especially just his phone talking about it.  But we'd have to be careful what we say, because obviously, when you start to make income claims, it has to be said right.

15:43 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Yeah, we don't want to make any income claims. We're just going to say potential, potential, or it can help you, that kind of stuff.

15:50 - Learner Park Media
  Yeah. Okay, so. Or the other option is if you think it's too much work for him, we can just put up some static images and start running the ads.  But I will tell you that's not the best way to do it. Yeah. Well, so what I thought we ought to do is maybe get some...  Here's the thing. If we were to say, okay, what's our best shot with what we have? I don't know if you, like I say, the purchase, obviously the purchase doesn't matter.  That's what after. So the only thing that really matters at this point is what's going to cause them to go and even go to this page right here, which is the webinar registration page.  What's going to get them to this first as far as an ad campaign? And so obviously, you know, we've talked about these things that are possibly the points that would be in some sort of advertising.  The... The concept of where is the biggest thing today. In other words, all of the different variations of this concept right here.  And that's the sentence that he thinks is going to catch people's attention is, look, it's not decay anymore. It's where are you?  And you're not trained. You're not trained to handle that. And he says, most dentists don't feel trained to do it.  So that kind of thing where we're bringing up the concept of the dentist. Hey, dentist, most of us are untrained.
  ACTION ITEM: Email Andrew webinar reg page link + Drive link to 1-hr recording; then Andrew sends recording link - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/660790821?timestamp=1058.9999  Or where is the number one thing today, not decay? And most of us feel untrained to handle it. That concept right there, he thinks, is the thing to focus on.

17:49 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  So can you share the webinar recording itself with me separately? So if I can see if we can pick and choose parts of the webinar itself, like you were saying.  And then I... I'll come up with a few angles from the landing page as well and share it with you.  And then you can decide what you want to do. Okay.

18:07 - Learner Park Media
  So here's the landing page. I think I've sent this to you already. Let me just put this in an email or a chat.

18:15 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Just the email is fine. We can go back and forth on one channel.

18:19 - Learner Park Media
  Okay. So you sent me a meeting link. I'm going to put it on this same email that I've got up here this morning.  Let me just add this in here. I'm going to say landing page or webinar registration. Okay. So, and then the video is on.  I've got it as just a standalone video. What's the easiest way for you to access it? I don't want to even, I don't want to, you don't need to access it on this landing page or on the webinar page.  I can just put it as an upload to Google. Google that you could access and run it, watch it from there.  Yes. Okay. I will add it to a landing, excuse me, I'll add it to a Google Drive and then give you access to it.  And so you can watch that. And then, like I say, I don't know that this has anything to do with what we'll be marketing or how we get them to watch the webinar.  But this is the landing page to buy the product.

19:31 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  No, that's okay. I mean, that's a problem later. So if you give me an ideal scenario in this entire thing, I would say rather than going to an evergreen webinar, which is what this is, I think he should do a live webinar because every single webinar that he does every week or every month, however he wants to do it, he will get feedback that will help us improve the copy on the landing page.  And once he sees a 20% or take rate on his live webinars. then, say, I'll I'll I'll is when you can turn an entire live webinar into an automated webinar.  But, I mean, if we have to do it this way, we can do it this way, but this is just my suggestion.

20:09 - Learner Park Media
  Okay, so I understand that, and he's busy, and I doubt, well, I don't know, maybe he would do a live webinar.  I guess the problem with the live webinar is getting enough people to actually show up, but as opposed to an on-demand webinar.

20:25 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Yeah, let's just start for now, and then we'll see. Let me come back to you. You share that Google Drive folder with me and the link to the landing page again, and we can go from there.  Okay, let's start with that concept first.

20:40 - Learner Park Media
  We'll, like I say, so get some testing, like $5 a day for a month or something or $10 or whatever.  I don't think he'd be afraid to spend, let's see, more than $5. Let's say that he would spend...

21:00 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  He might spend $25 a day to test it for the first month and see how, you know, see what kind of, it's quite less.  It needs to be about $40 a day.

21:12 - Learner Park Media
  Okay. All right. Well, then let's just plan on that. I know that he's probably willing to do that to get some data and some feedback and say, yeah, this is, this, we need to change that way of approach it and see, you know, see if you get anything at all, you know?
  ACTION ITEM: Create Slack channel w/ Andrew + client; post campaign details - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/660790821?timestamp=1277.9999
  ACTION ITEM: Share scraped dentist list w/ Learner Park Media - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/660790821?timestamp=1285.9999

21:25 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Mm-hmm. Yep. All right.

21:28 - Learner Park Media
  I'll give you, I'll send that to you in this email as soon as we're done. And then I'll put together a Slack channel with the details that we've talked about, just like you've done typically with, or Chris has typically done with you on the other clients.
  ACTION ITEM: Email Learner Park Media meeting recording link - WATCH: https://fathom.video/calls/660790821?timestamp=1292.9999

21:41 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Would that be all right? Yep, that's fine. I'll also share a recording of this meeting with you so you have context if you need to reach back out or think about what we just spoke.  Maybe you get a few ideas later. So I'll share, whenever you send me the email, I'll send you the link to this recording as well.

21:58 - Learner Park Media
  Okay. All right. Sounds good. And And then we'll go from there. And then so I guess what we want to do is we want to shoot for perhaps starting to run something like maybe next Monday or something?

22:11 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Yes, we can. Also, just so you know, this is going to be a little bit more than our usual white label, because as you see, the work behind it is a bit more as well.  So it would cost 500 in place of 350.

22:24 - Learner Park Media
  Okay. Are you talking about the setup or an ongoing situation?

22:29 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  No, the ongoing. Okay.

22:31 - Learner Park Media
  All right. So I've kind of anticipated that to some degree. And as far as what I told him, it's going to cost.  So I think we're probably still within the zone that that would be okay. So, all right, let's plan on that.  And then I'll get these things finished on that Slack channel, the details that we've talked about, so that we just have an understanding there moving forward.  I'll send these two things to you. And then we'll set as our target to start running and testing something.  as to to to As As far far far we're do Is this a week from today? Is that enough time?

23:03 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Yeah. As long as we align on what I send over to you, then four days post that or three days post that.  That's all. Three days from now is what you're saying?

23:11 - Learner Park Media
  No, no.

23:11 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  I'm saying I'll share my thoughts on what angles and what we will be using. Oh, in three days?

23:17 - Learner Park Media
  Yeah.

23:17 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  And if you give me a go ahead on that, it'll take another two to three days from there to go live.  So I think next Monday should be okay.

23:23 - Learner Park Media
  I don't think it's a stretch. Okay. All right. Sounds good. I appreciate it. And we'll be talking to you soon.

23:29 - Andrew Gaikwad (kainyx.com)
  Yep. No problem. Perfect. I'm going to share the link with you on email. Thank you. Okay. Sounds good. Thanks.  Thanks. Bye. You bet.